Add `media-type-no-deprecated` rule (#8668)
stylelint/stylelint: lib/rules/media-type-no-deprecated/README.md

# media-type-no-deprecated

Disallow deprecated media types.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
    @media tv {}
/**        ↑
 * Deprecated media type */
```

## Options

### `true`

The following patterns are considered problems:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@media tty {}
```

The following patterns are _not_ considered problems:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@media screen {}
```

## Optional secondary options

### `ignoreMediaType: ["/regex/", /regex/, "string"]`

Given:

```json
["/^t/", "speech"]
```

The following patterns are _not_ considered problems:

> <!-- prettier-ignore -->

Reviewer: Sorry I didn't get what you meant. I'm not familiar with the embed option, but which comment?

> <!-- prettier-ignore -->

Reviewer: I guess there might be some exceptional cases even if adopting the embed option. If you believe it'd be helpful, feel free to open an issue with examples.

```css
@media tv {}
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@media tty {}
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@media speech {}
```

> ## Reference of deprecated media types

Author: As a user, I would like to see all the necessary information at once. Let's first try to improve this section.
 I have updated it, please review it when you have time.

# media-type-no-deprecated

Disallow deprecated media types.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
    @media tv {}
/**        ↑
 * Deprecated media type */
```

Several CSS media types defined in earlier specifications have been deprecated and should no longer be used. According to the CSS [media queries specification](https://drafts.csswg.org/mediaqueries-5/#media-types), the following media types are recognized as valid but match nothing:

- `tty`
- `tv`
- `projection`
- `handheld`
- `braille`
- `embossed`
- `aural`
- `speech`

Currently, the recommended media types are:

- `all`
- `screen`
- `print`

The deprecated media types were removed because they were either never widely implemented or their use cases are now better handled by media features rather than broad device categories.

## Options

### `true`

The following pattern is considered a problem:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@media tty {}
```

The following pattern is _not_ considered a problem:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@media screen {}
```

## Optional secondary options

> ### `ignoreMediaType: ["/regex/", /regex/, "string"]`

Author: Done

# media-type-no-deprecated

Disallow deprecated media types.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
    @media tv {}
/**        ↑
 * Deprecated media type */
```

## Options

### `true`

> The following patterns are considered problems:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following pattern is considered a problem:
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@media tty {}
```

The following patterns are _not_ considered problems:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@media screen {}
```

## Optional secondary options

### `ignoreMediaType: ["/regex/", /regex/, "string"]`

Given:

```json
["/^t/", "speech"]
```

The following patterns are _not_ considered problems:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@media tv {}
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@media tty {}
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```css
@media speech {}
```

## Reference of deprecated media types

Several CSS media types defined in earlier specifications have been deprecated and should no longer be used. According to the CSS [media queries specification](https://drafts.csswg.org/mediaqueries-5/#media-types), the following media types are recognized as valid but match nothing:

- `tty`
- `tv`
- `projection`
- `handheld`
- `braille`
- `embossed`
- `aural`
- `speech`

Currently, the recommended media types are:

- `all`
- `screen`
- `print`

> The deprecated media types were removed because they were either never widely implemented or their use cases are now better handled by media features rather than broad device categories.

Reviewer 2: Let's move this above the "Options" heading and into the expanded description section to be consistent with [our conventions](https://stylelint.io/developer-guide/rules#write-the-readme).

Author: Fixed

## Reference of deprecated media types

> Several CSS media types defined in earlier specifications have been deprecated and should no longer be used. According to the CSS [Media Queries Level 4 specification](https://www.w3.org/TR/mediaqueries-4/#media-types), the following media types are deprecated:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Several CSS media types defined in earlier specifications have been deprecated and should no longer be used. According to the CSS [media queries specification](https://drafts.csswg.org/mediaqueries-5/#media-types), the following media types are deprecated:
```
